ABOUT ME
 I am loyal, responsible, active, responsible, loving, caring, sharing, kindhearted,warm, accommodating,compassionate,tolerant,laid back type,outgoing,welcoming to people generally,I like to sing,write poems,listening to music,swimming,playing Basketball,watching TV,Movies going to GYM and comedies,I love public intimacy and want a good woman with a good heart,one with good knowledge about love and who knows how a man is been treated,age or color difference do not matter to me at all,as long as she loves me,I want a relationship that will last forever and won't fade no matter what



                                                        WHAT I AM LOOKING FOR
am here looking for some one who is honest loving and caring to share my life with.some one who cares about people and always like talking to friends.will like to meet some one who is humble and respectful too.because am respectful and i also want to be treated like that.will like to meet some one who will like to know more about me and ready for a serious relationship .will like to meet some one who is humble and respectful too.because am respectful and i also want to be treated like that.will like to meet some one who will like to know more about me and ready for a serious relationship..






My name is Thomas Wilson. I was born on the 2nd of August, 1963 at Baptist Hospital of Miami. I started A & A Children Academy at 6 and later on continued from Calvary Baptist Church Schools. I was very playful at school and it affected my academic works. I joined the Military academy at the age of 16. I was in the boarding school so my parents visit me once in a while. I didn't spend much time at home. My mom was a head teacher and dad was in the medical field.
I fought in the Gulf war in 1990 to 1991. The gulf war was fought to liberate Kuwait from autocratic rule of the late Saddam. I had a pretty bad experience..


I am an E-6 Staff Sergeant (SSG). I also act as a platoon sergeant in the absence of the Sergeant First Class. I am the leader of my squad. I am a noncommission officer and I work in the junior management of the military.


As you already know, I am currently stationed in Baghdad , the capital of Iraq.I have to let you know that I am on my second mission to Iraq and I have already spent 10 months here in Iraq. My first mission to Iraq was in 2003. My mission ended in 2005. When back to the States, I found out that my ex betrayed my love by going in for another man. She cost me a lost. She misused my properties so I paid her off. I was in love with her with all my heart but she let me down. I was with her for 14 years.


My son lives with my ex in Miami. I have full custody of him. I do not want to pay my ex any amount of money again.I will be getting him to stay with me when i come home soon. I was married only once. I am now looking for another woman to involve myself with. I will be home in 3 months. Actually, we are not allowed to communicate with outsiders because of security reasons but I need a woman for myself. A woman that will be there for me and I will be there for her too. I will not be able to call you because we are not allowed to communicate with outsiders on phone. Everything is monitored.


My relationship with my ex was like this. I loved her with all my heart. In fact it is true. I wasn't thinking she can do such a thing. I helped her in her work, support her family, spending much time with her as much as I could. Going with her to the beaches, the movies and a lot of interesting places just trying to make her the happiest woman in life. I know she is regretting it by now. 

Her  parents once called me and were apologizing for her but I already made my mind. I don't know why she drew away from me. Maybe, she can't control her sexual desire. I do not get angry. It happens once in a while but I know how to control myself. In the army, if you can't control your anger, you gonna end up fighting all the time.but remember this am serious about my words.


What do you do for a living?

What do you seek for in a relationship?

I seek trust,honesty,understanding,sincerity,love and sharing,sharing the good times and bad times together with no fear of what the world might put upon us.

What sort of relationship you seek for?

Well,well, the relationship I want is one to be build on the solid foundation which is love and trust,I do believe with this 2 ingredients of relationship,so many relationships has come to success unlike ones built on false and pretenses.

What are the basic qualities you seek for in a guy?

The basic qualities i seek in a lady are Honesty,Love,Trust.
What interests you?

Wow,God interest me,all the things he has created interest me,the nature really do.
You ever been married?

No,I am very much single,never been married
Got kids?

No,never had any.

What do you do for fun?

I like playing basketball,playing billards,swimming,dancing,writing,reading,watching movies or tv.
Do you like public intimacy?

Public intimacy is my thing.I miss that though.I like to held and to walk while holding hand still,it's fun I guess.
How long have you been single?

Been single for about 14 years back.

What's being single like?

Being single is the dullest and lonely thing that has ever happened to me.
How do you treat your guy?

I treat my lady with respect,loyalty,adore him,treat her like the Queen.
Why do you need a guy?

I need a lady  because I feel 2 people can make thigns worthwhile.it's always good to have a shoulder to lean on.
Can you love a guy like me?

Yeah,most definitelty,I will love her.
What is love to you?

Love to me is everything,everything that has mde up this world is love.
Would you hit your guy for any reasons?


I won't do that,I will rather discuss it over than fighting
                  
                     TRUST
You need trust to love, but first you need to love in order to trust.To love someone is to understand each other, to laugh together, to smile with your heart and to trust one another. One important thing is to let each other go if you can't do this.......Love is like a wonderful feeling of compassion and satisfaction. It should be given respect and trust; and it should receive that love back.The best proof of love is trust.True love is the greatest thing that you can experience; it can weather any storm. Loving, trusting and respecting each other totally can bring you to true love and happiness.It's hard to  love and hard to trust; but finding love and finding trust was a gift from you to me..Relationships should never be taken for granted. The choice of being with another life is an amazing thing. Trust, loyalty and respect are a must for eternal happiness. No matter how much you love someone if you don’t have these ingredients you will never succeed.To be in love means being patient but to be patient you must trust him/her  first.You can never find love through the eye or ear, so you must trust the only thing that will never fade until you die, your heart.Love is like trust, when you find your special someone it is as if you're trusting them with your heart.Trust is what you put in someone's hands. Faith is what you hold on to.Trust is what makes everyone realize that you are always there for them. Faith is what makes everyone realize that you are always there to help them in case they need some help. Love makes not everyone, but the only one in your life who is special, think that you are always there for her, to be with her, to cherish her, to fulfill her dreams, to share with her and most of all, to make her realize how much you really love her.Distance doesn't matter if you really love the person, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.Without romance, love gets dry. Without respect, love gets lost. Without caring, love gets boring. Without honesty, love gets unhappy, and without trust, love gets unstable.Love is a wonderful gift; trust in it, believe in it, give it, and it will be returned to you to give again and again.You can get advice from family, friends and strangers, but the best advice comes from your heart; it never lies - trust it.There may be many people that are trustworthy, but only a few are worth trusting with your heart; choose wisely.To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved. For you can love many, but without trust you have nothing.......The heart already knows what the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart.Distance cannot, and will not hurt a bond between two people that is based on mutual respect, trust, commitment, and love.Jealousy is not a sign of true love; it's insecurities that comes in the way, 'cause love has just one important ingredient: Trust.Do you trust me?Love means never doubting anything. It means trusting and being honest with each otherSomeone can be as beautiful on the outside as they are on the inside, but when he or she betrays your trust, they become the ugliest person in the world.Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres.Love takes many things: trust, hope, wishes, dreams, and everything you've got, even when you know it's not going be enough.Love is not always fireworks and shooting stars; sometimes it's a simple understanding and trust between two people........
                     
    
                IMAGINATIONS..

I keep thinking about the future, about life, and what I want out of it. I keep thinking about us and what this relationship means to me. I keep thinking about these things and I realize they go hand in hand. This relationship is my future; it's what I want out of life. I want to grow old with you. I want to experience this crazy love forever and ever, and I really think I'm going to get to. I want us to walk through new houses picking the one that would be just right for us. I want to see you walk around our house in a big t-shirt with your hair down and catch me staring at how gorgeous you are. I want you to pull the covers off me at night and then I have to get even closer, if it's possible, to you to keep warm. I want to see you laugh like crazy at me when I do stupid stuff. I want to rub lotion all over your body because you lay out in the sun too long. I want to have a child with you and go through the experiences of parenthood with you.. I want to see you and me chasing our little kid around the house, all three of us laughing our heads off and having fun. I want to hold you when you cry and smile with you when you smile. I want to fall asleep every night with you in my arms. I want you to fall asleep on my chest listening to the beat of my heart and know it beats for you. I want you to be the first thing I see when I wake up and the last thing I see when I go to sleep. I want to see your adorable face in the morning, because I always think you look so cute then. I want to sit on the beach with you and watch the sun set, and I want all the people who pass us to envy the love that we obviously have for each other.
    I want to see you walk down that isle and I want to take your hand for the rest of my life. I want to spend all night, and maybe the next day, making love to you with an undying passion (sorry to be so blunt). I want to be thirty years old and still make out with you like a little schoolboy. I want to cook a meal with you and us totally ruin it and end up doing take out. I want to sit there talking to you for hours about nothing at all but in the same time everything or maybe we won't talk at all and just grin at each other realizing how lucky we are. I want you to get mad at me for doing something stupid, and I want you to bust out laughing when you try to yell at me.. I want to lay with you in front of a fireplace and keep the heat going long after the fire goes out. I want to take trips with you to places we've never been and experience them together. I want us to go skinny-dipping in a hotel pool and get caught and streak back to our hotel room waking everyone up because we're laughing so hard. I want us to go and pick out the hot tub we want with the biggest grins on our faces the whole time. I want the sales rep to get embarrassed when we sit in them and make sure we have enough room to do the things we want to do.  I want our friends to come over and get totally jealous because they don't share a love like we do. I want to be walking into a store with you and trip and fall on my face and turn around to see you rolling on the ground laughing at me. I want us to run outside in the rain and act like total kids getting completely soaked, and when we come back in, stripping down to nothing as we stumble into the bedroom, or the kitchen counter, or the balcony, or the dining room table, or an office desk, or the shower, which ever one we feel like at the time.
    I want it to take your breath away every time I say, "I love you" because you know it's coming from the heart. I want us to be sitting there and watching our child take their first steps from my arms into yours. I want us to sit down with a box of strawberries, a bottle of chocolate syrup, and a thing of ice cream; well, I'll let your imagination finish that one. I want to love you and be with you for at least forever if not a little longer. I couldn't really express in words what I'm feeling right now so I decided to share with you SOME of the images and thoughts that have been running through my head.
    I just want you to know that I had never found someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with until I met you. I really am crazy about you, everything about you.

                    FORMAT FOR MONEY..WAIT UN TILL SHE FALLS DEEPLY IN  LOVE....

i missed you so much thinking about you allot honey.My love i have something very important to tell you..
I have decided to tell you this because I truly trust you and I believe much in you..
I decided not hide anything from you because you mean much to me..Well, it is about a transaction that I am doing with a man here in Iraq and I have been doing some transaction with this man for some months now........And it is less than 1 week for the transaction to be over and I am going to earn millions of dollars.
babe You are the only one I am telling you this because I believe and trust in you..babe  It is money that I have earned from what I have worked for..babe i went to the man and everything is moving on well with the transaction so hopefully i  would be paid by Tomorrow..I am a bit stressed about where to keep this money when I am paid..so babe But  do you have any idea..
but yet we have no option than to send it  because we are not allowed to keep money on as in the camp..i thought of sending it to you in a form of a package through a diplomat here in the camp..He sends packages to other countries to the relatives of the soldiers here in the camp..He is a good man and I trust him..I know he can deliver this to you as soon as possible.babe  you can contact him on how  he can come with  the  package to you..just  give me your address   and telephone  numbers  so that he can contact you when he  gets to you.i love you so much kisses and hugs.




MONEY

Happiness is the only thing on earth that cannot be paid by any diamonds, gold or money.Money and love aren't the same thing. The more you spend money, the less you have, the more you spend love, the more you get in return..Love doesn't cost money, but it does require the payment of your heart.A man can inherit a house and money from his parents,but only the Lord can give him a sensible wife.Love is when money and materialistic things no longer matter. It's when you're holding the hand of the woman you love and you feel like the richest man in the world - you have everything.With money, we can buy all things, but with love, we find everything that really matters.It isn't money, fame, or power, no, the greatest adventure in life is love.Power is one thing; money and power are two things, but love is everything
  
DISTANCE

KOWA360 
 : hello..how are you doing nice to meet you..i from the states but currently in Afghanistan kabul for a peacekeeping mission.     
: Babe you k.ow am at Afghanistan for now so send the money through my diplomat in Ghand to get it for me
   
DISTANCE

Love means making the other happy, even from a distance.Don't measure the distance; measure dear.Distance does not matter if two hearts are loyal to one another.Distance between two hearts is not an obstacle; rather a great reminder of just how strong true love can be.No matter the distance between our hearts, I will pay for the long distance calls to hear your heart and voice..To truly love something, If it survives, it is going to be stronger than ever Distance is pure proof of this, It's not the distance that counts, it's the love.Love knows no boundaries, no distance, no fear. What captures is the God's love that will eternally melt hearts together to stay, fused and sealed forever as one. Love has its way and new life has begun. contrary to what the cynics say, distance is not for the fearful, it is for the bold. It's for those who are willing to spend a lot of time alone in exchange for a little time with the one they love. It's for those
knowing a good thing when they see it, even if they don't see it nearly enough If someone truly loves you, distance is not a problem. It's just the power of making love grow each day.The distance between us is only as far apart as our hearts will let it be. So, to me there is no distance, for we share each others' hearts, from mine to yours and from yours to mine.There is no long distance about love, it always finds a way to bring hearts together no matter how many miles there are between them.True love does not worry about the distance between, for the heart and soul travels through one's words Distance doesn't matter if you really love the person, what matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.If it is really love, you can see yourself standing in their eyes, part of the abstinence that is worth dying for. If you long for that recognition that will not part by distance, in time your dream will be replied.Distance is just
a test to see how far love can travel.Distance, it is a test of love, many will fail, but for those who can withstand it have the answer: true love.All quality items must be tested to ensure promised high standards for the customers.




Trust, loyalty and respect are a must for eternal happiness. No matter how much you love someone if you don’t have these ingredients you will never succeed.To be in love means being patient but to be patient you must trust him/her first.You can never find love through the eye or ear, so you must trust the only thing that will never fade until you die, your heart.Love is like trust, when you find your special someone it is as if you're trusting them with your heart.Trust is what you put in someone's hands. Faith is what you hold on to.Trust is what makes everyone realize that you are always there for them. Faith is Faith is hat makes everyone realize that you are always there to help them in case they need some help Love makes not everyone, but the only one in your life who is special, think that you are always there for her, to be with her, to make her realize how much you really love her.Distance doesn't matter if you really love the person, what
matters most is your honesty and trust for that relationship to work out.Without romance, love gets dry. Without respect, love gets lost. Without caring, love gets boring. Without honesty, love gets unhappy, and without trust, love gets unstable.Love is a wonderful gift; trust in it, believe in it, give it, and it will be returned to you to give again and again.You can get advice from family, friends and strangers, but the best advice comes from your heart; it never lies trust it.There may be many people that are trustworthy, but only a few are worth trusting with your heart; choose wisely.To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved. For you can love many, but without trust you have nothing.The heart already knows what the mind can only dream of. Trust your heart.Distance cannot,they are on the inside, but when he or she betrays your trust, they become the ugliest person in the world.Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does
not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrong doing. It does not delight in evil, but rejoices in the truth. It always protects, trusts, hopes, perseveres.Love takes many things: trust, hope, wishes, dreams, and everything you've got, even when you know it's not going be enough.Love is not always fireworks and shooting stars; sometimes it's a simple understanding and trust between two people..